use 21risk
pwd
ls
use 21risk
ls
pwd
use 21risk
ls
pwd
use 21risk
ls
pwd
cd ..
ls
pwd
ls
cd /data
ls
use 21risk
pwd
cd /data/mypy
ls
use 21risk
apt install gcc
use test
ls
pwd
python ./test/test.py
kkk
waite false
use test
waite false
wait false
use test
wait false
use test
wait false
python ./test/test.py
use test
dir
wait false
python ./test/test.py
dir
use test
ls
pwd
wait false
use test
ls
pwd
wait false
use test
wait false
use test
ls
pwd
wait false
python ./test/test.py
use 21risk
wait true
use 21risk
use test
pwd
python ./test/test.py
wait false
python ./test/test.py
use test
ls
pwd
wait false
use test
pwd
wait false
use test
wait true
python3 ./test/test.py
use test
ls
wait false
use test
wait true
python3 ./test/test.py
apt update
apt-get update
apt
use test
ls
wait false
use test
wait false
use test
ls
wait false
use test
wait false
use test
ls
wait false
use test
wait false
use test
wait false
ls
use test
wait false
ls
use test
wait false
ls
use test
wait false
ls
use test
ls
wait false
ls
pwd
ls
pwd
python3 ./test/test.py
python ./test/test.py
use test
ls
wait false
ls
pwd
python3 ./test/test.py
pwd
python ./test/test.py
wait true
python3 ./test/test.py
use test
ls
wait false
ls
python3 ./test/test.py
wait true
ls
pwd
python ./test/test.py
python3 ./test/test.py
ls
pwd
wait false
python ./test/test.py
ls
python3 ./test/test.py
use 21risk
ls
pwd
cd /data/gobin
ls
cd ..
ls
pwd
cd ..
pwd
cd gobin
ls
cd pass
ls
pwd
ls
pwd
cd ..
ls
pwd
ls
wait false
use 21risk
ls
pwd
cd /data
pwd
ls
pwd
ls
cd /data/gobin/remote_shell
ls
pwd
ls
pwd
cd ..
ls
cd remote_shell
ls
pwd
cd ..
ls
pwd
cd ..
pwd
ls
cd pass
ls
cd ..
ls
cd data
ls
pwd
cd ..
ls
pwd
cd ..
pwd
ls
cd ..
pwd
ls
pwd
ps -ef | grep flutter
wait false
use test
ls
pwd
cd ..
ls
cd pass_ball
pwd
ls
cd ..
ls
cd ..
ls
pwd
ls
cd /mnt
ls
cd mygit
ls
pwd
cd ..
pwd
ls
cd mnt
pwd
cd ..
ls
cd ..
pwd
ls
cd mnt
pwd
ls
cd myrust
ls
cd ..
cd mygit
ls
cd remote_shell
ls
use 21risk
ls
pwd
cd ..
ls
pwd
cd remote_shell
ls
cd ..
ls
pwd
ls
cd /data/gobin
ls
cd ..
ls
pwd
wpd
pwd
ls
pwd
